Temp (#1514)
apollographql/router: DEVELOPMENT.md

While developing locally doc warnings and other lint checks are disabled.
This limits the noise generated while exploration is taking place.

> When you are ready to create a PR, run a build with strict ch********ecking enabled,

Reviewer: I am assuming this was a typo 😉 

```suggestion
When you are ready to create a PR, run a build with strict checking enabled,
```

Reviewer 2: chhunter2ecking 😁

Reviewer: probably 🎹 🐈
